c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Robotersteuerung.exe.config
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Robotersteuerung.exe
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Robotersteuerung.pdb
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung.g.resources
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung.exe
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung.pdb
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Robotersteuerung.exe.manifest
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Robotersteuerung.application
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung.exe.manifest
c:\users\lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\obj\Debug\Robotersteuerung.application
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\microsoft.expression.utility.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\en\microsoft.expression.utility.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Lukas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Robotersteuerung\Robotersteuerung\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
